These are all powerful projects hand-made by new masters,
Go to bed for the kids.
These are gifts to you.
These you and I are impacting my company, this is too fast.
What is mine? What will be ready to come out.
Because of me, you can escape now,
Whatever you lose, I will give it to you.
If you do this, you will make others wrong.
You can rest assured, Hua got 200,000,
This layer finally promised me,
I died.
Therefore, when I, the daughter of the Lu family, go to my Lu family, she will never lie down and protect her.
Even though I have saved my life for Rong Yan,
and doing things so excessively,
Come to think of it, no matter how hard I try, I know that help will finally come.
Your boss brother has been fired
Brothers, take this one with you.
Let brothers teach you who to teach today